Master Xun, there are so many things,
Just high.
A large sum of assets,
People have entered the stock market, which has shocked our Qin family.
Now the Qin family's stock market has plummeted,
Less than five minutes. The Qin family is all about words.
What? The assets of the Qin family are subject to real meaning,
Even the Lin family doesn't have the ability to destroy the Qin family in just a few minutes.
Is it He Fengshan who is taking action?
Taiwan Fu Yintai. What?
Taifu Yintou, let me give you a weak word today,
These people's Fenglie family is indeed very adaptable to Fenglie.
In one day, today I deal with Feng Lie, a big family
How much have you embarrassed me?
You have a name. You are so brave.
Fans of Mr. Ye do their best
The sorrow he is suffering now comes from this
Do you really want our Yanggou to become one of the top ten families for you?
My words are only Mr. Ye
The top ten families are just chickens, horses and dogs, not worth mentioning.
Grandpa, even if it doesn’t happen soon,
I'm afraid all the big families will watch the show and finally run away.
Waiting for the whole Gu family to sit down and ask for advice
I misled everyone and would like to ask for advice to fight Caihu together.
The bed is full of energy, as if the ground is not bright